# February 2020 Meetup: Project Night

Thursday, January 23, 2020
6 p.m. to 9 p.m.

San Lorenzo Library
395 Paseo Grande · San Lorenzo

DETAILS:

Start the new year by getting a jump on your documentation to-do list.

If you have a project, bring it with you:

* Need to write docs for your software? Get feedback about what documents your product requires, what information each should contain, and how to get started.
* Are you a technical writer with a challenging new task? Bring your project with you, and recruit advisers or reviewers

If you don't have a project to bring, come ready to participate and learn:

* Volunteer your help for someone else's project.  
* Build a website with Jekyll or another static site builder, with help from our web team.
* Revise your resume and LinkedIn profile. Get feedback and advice from peers.
* Contribute to open source. For example, talk to maintainers of the Lone Writer's Guide project (https://tinyurl.com/lone-writers) and get started making pull requests on this open source book in progress.
* Talk shop with documentarians.

If you are new to technical writing or want to break in, it's a good meeting to bring us your career questions. We always have time to chat with newcomers during Project Night.

We'll get a rough tally of people and projects at the beginning so that we can re-arrange the space to fit groups that want to work together. Otherwise, feel free to arrive late, leave early, or change projects as you see fit.

FOOD AND REFRESHMENTS:
This event is unsponsored, but we're encouraging people to bring food with them. Between 5:30 and 6:30, we'll eat take-out, network, and discuss what we're working on.

AGENDA: 
Doors Open: 5:30 p.m.
Networking and dinner: 5:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Announcements and project pitches: 6:30 p.m.
Hacking and learning: 6:30 to 8:30 p.m.
Closing word, clean up, say goodbye: 8:30 to 9 p.m.

TRANSIT:
* BART - Take BART to the Bayfair station, then take the 97 bus to Hesperian and Paseo Grande.
* Bike - Bike racks in front of the library.
* Drive - Free parking at the Library and the adjacent shopping center.

CODE OF CONDUCT:
We're an inclusive, caring group. Please take a moment to read the Write the Docs Code of Conduct: http://www.writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/.
